what's going on guys static here and
I've recently been messing around with
the wireless redstone circuit that I
showed you guys in my latest video
trying to come up with a couple of
slightly different uses for it and I
came up with basically this idea I
remember seeing on a server a while ago
minigames sort of like this like archery
practice where the goal is to hit the
bullseye so the picture in the middle
and when you do that the picture falls
off hits the pressure plates and lights
up the the lamps on the side the problem
with this is that one every time you
shoot and hit the bullseye you've got to
come up and start go to a creative mode
go to start replacing the the painting
until you get one of the little square
ones which usually takes quite a few
more tries than that as well as collect
this one off the pads and so yeah it
sort of makes the game run kind of long
and makes it a little bit user unused
friendly and so what I came up with is
this over here so basically how this
works is you shoot the bullseye in the
middle and once you do that you'll see
the lamps on the side flash and then
it's good to go again so you shoot it
again and just keep going of course you
can move back and try a lot longer
distances makes it a lot more difficult
as you can see I'm a terrible shot but
there we go hit the bullseye so
basically the way it works is come back
to behind here here we've got three iron
bars and so the iron bar on the side
here is the one that triggers the
circuit over this side here triggering
this circuit sets the other side of this
and guide which is hooked up to the the
clock which also tells the piston
and so once both sides of the and gate
are powered the redstone lamps on the
side here able to flash telling you that
you've on the game and then the signal
also comes up from the and gate goes
through this delay setting so that the
Lambs have time to flash and then it
fires off this dispenser here which
resets the the wireless redstone signal
so anyway goes just a really quick
application of the circuit that I
thought you guys might be interested in
seeing if you did enjoy this video
please show that like button some love
and I'll see you guys next time